1-My hometown is located in ___ . |  | Quê của tôi ở
2-the central part of Vietnam |  | miền Trung Việt Nam
3-the northern part of Vietnam |  | miền Bắc Việt Nam
4-the southern part of Vietnam |  | miền Nam Việt Nam
5-My hometown is located in the central part of Vietnam. |  | Quê của tôi ở miền Trung Việt Nam
6-My hometown is located in the central part of Vietnam. |  | Quê của tôi ở miền Trung Việt Nam
7-My hometown is located in the northern part of Vietnam. |  | Quê của tôi ở miền Bắc Việt Nam
8-My hometown is located in the southern part of Vietnam. |  | Quê của tôi ở miền Nam Việt Nam
9-My hometown is located in the central part of Vietnam. |  | Quê của tôi ở miền Trung Việt Nam
10-My hometown is located in the northern part of Vietnam. |  | Quê của tôi ở miền Bắc Việt Nam
11-My hometown is located in the southern part of Vietnam. |  | Quê của tôi ở miền Nam Việt Nam
12-Where is your hometown? |  | Quê bạn của bạn ở đâu?
13-Where is your hometown? |  | Quê của tôi ở
14-Where is your hometown? |  | miền Trung Việt Nam
15-Where is your hometown? |  | Quê bạn của bạn ở đâu?
16-My hometown is located in | "/maɪ ˈhəʊmtaʊn ɪz ˈləʊkeɪtɪd ɪn/" | (Nơi ấy) là
17-the central part of Vietnam | "/ðə ˈsentrəl pɑːrt əv ˌviːetˈnɑːm/" | thị trấn miền núi
18-Where is your hometown | "/wer ɪz jʊr ˈhəʊmtaʊn/" | ngôi làng ven biển
19-It's a ___ . |  | thành phố biển
20-mountainous town |  | (Nơi ấy) là thị trấn miền núi
21-seaside village |  | (Nơi ấy) là thị trấn miền núi
22-coastal city |  | (Nơi ấy) là ngôi làng ven biển
23-It is a mountainous town. |  | (Nơi ấy) là thành phố biển
24-It is a mountainous town. |  | (Nơi ấy) là thị trấn miền núi
25-It is a seaside village. |  | (Nơi ấy) là ngôi làng ven biển
26-It is a coastal city. |  | (Nơi ấy) là thành phố biển
27-It is a mountainous town. |  | Đó có phải là thành phố lớn không?
28-It is a seaside village. |  | (Nơi ấy) là
29-It is a coastal city. |  | thị trấn miền núi
30-Is that a big city or a small place? |  | Đó có phải là thành phố lớn không?
31-Is that a big city or a small place? |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là
32-Is that a big city or a small place? |  | bánh đa
33-Is that a big city or a small place? |  | bánh đậu xanh
34-It is a | "/ɪt ɪz ə/" | súp lươn
35-mountainous town | "/ˈmaʊntənəs taʊn/" | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là bánh đa
36-Is that a big city or a small place | "/ɪz ðæt ə bɪg ˈsɪtiː ɔːr ə smɔːl pleɪs/" | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là bánh đa
37-The most famous dish is ___ . |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là bánh đậu xanh
38-sesame rice cracker |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là súp lươn
39-green bean cake |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là bánh đa
40-eel soup |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là bánh đậu xanh
41-The most famous dish is sesame rice cracker. |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là súp lươn
42-The most famous dish is sesame rice cracker. |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng ở quê bạn là?
43-The most famous dish is green bean cake. |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng nhất là
44-The most famous dish is eel soup. |  | bánh đa
45-The most famous dish is sesame rice cracker. |  | Món ăn nổi tiếng ở quê bạn là?
46-The most famous dish is green bean cake. |  | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là
47-The most famous dish is eel soup. |  | thị trấn cổ
48-What are some famous foods in your hometown? |  | vườn quốc gia
49-What are some famous foods in your hometown? |  | kinh thành
50-What are some famous foods in your hometown? |  | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là thị trấn cổ
51-What are some famous foods in your hometown? |  | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là thị trấn cổ
52-The most famous dish is | "/ðə məʊst ˈfeɪməs dɪ∫ ɪz/" | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là vườn quốc gia
53-sesame rice cracker | "/ˈsesəmiː raɪs ˈkrækər/" | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là kinh thành
54-What are some famous foods in your hometown | "/wʌt ɑːr sʌm ˈfeɪməs fuːdz ɪn jʊr ˈhəʊmtaʊn/" | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là thị trấn cổ
55-Sure, one of the most popular landmarks is ___. |  | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là vườn quốc gia
56-the ancient town |  | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là kinh thành
57-the national park |  | Bạn có thể giới thiệu một vài địa điểm nổi tiếng ở đó không?
58-the citadel |  | Chắc chắn rồi, một trong những địa điểm nổi tiếng là
59-Sure, one of the most popular landmarks is the ancient town. |  | thị trấn cổ
60-Sure, one of the most popular landmarks is the ancient town. |  | Bạn có thể giới thiệu một vài địa điểm nổi tiếng ở đó không?
61-Sure, one of the most popular landmarks is the national park. |  | Tôi về thăm quê
62-Sure, one of the most popular landmarks is the citadel. |  | một năm một lần
63-Sure, one of the most popular landmarks is the ancient town. |  | một tháng hai lần
64-Sure, one of the most popular landmarks is the national park. |  | thỉnh thoảng
65-Sure, one of the most popular landmarks is the citadel. |  | Tôi về thăm quê một năm một lần
66-Can you recommend any popular landmarks there? |  | Tôi về thăm quê một năm một lần
67-Can you recommend any popular landmarks there? |  | Tôi về thăm quê một tháng hai lần
68-Can you recommend any popular landmarks there? |  | Tôi thỉnh thoảng về thăm quê
69-Can you recommend any popular landmarks there? |  | Tôi về thăm quê một năm một lần
70-Sure one of the most popular landmarks is | "/∫ʊr wʌn əv ðə məʊst ˈpɑːpjələr ˈlændmɑːrks ɪz/" | Tôi về thăm quê một tháng hai lần
71-the ancient town | "/ðə ˈeɪn∫ənt taʊn/" | Tôi thỉnh thoảng về thăm quê
72-Can you recommend any popular landmarks there | "/kæn juː ˌrekəˈmend ˈeniː ˈpɑːpjələr ˈlændmɑːrks ðer/" | Bạn có hay về quê không?
73-I visit my hometown ___ . |  | Tôi về thăm quê
74-once a year |  | một năm một lần
75-twice a month |  | Bạn có hay về quê không?
76-from time to time |  | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là
77-I visit my hometown once a year. |  | thăm ông bà
78-I visit my hometown once a year. |  | xem pháo hoa
79-I visit my hometown twice a month. |  | những bữa tối cùng gia đình
80-I visit my hometown from time to time. |  | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là (khi) thăm ông bà
81-I visit my hometown once a year. |  | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là (khi) thăm ông bà
82-I visit my hometown twice a month. |  | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là xem pháo hoa
83-I visit my hometown from time to time. |  | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là những bữa tối cùng gia đình
84-How often do you visit your hometown? |  | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là (khi) thăm ông bà
85-How often do you visit your hometown? |  | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là xem pháo hoa
86-How often do you visit your hometown? |  | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là những bữa tối cùng gia đình
87-How often do you visit your hometown? |  | Kỷ niệm bạn nhớ nhất về quê hương của bạn là gì?
88-I visit my hometown | "/aɪ ˈvɪzɪt maɪ ˈhəʊmtaʊn/" | Một trong những kỷ niệm nhớ nhất là
89-once a year | "/wʌns ə jɪr/" | thăm ông bà
90-How often do you visit your hometown | "/haʊ ˈɔːfn duː juː ˈvɪzɪt jʊr ˈhəʊmtaʊn/" | Kỷ niệm bạn nhớ nhất về quê hương của bạn là gì?
91-One of my favorite memories is ___. |  |
92-visiting grandparents |  |
93-watching fireworks |  |
94-family dinners |  |
95-One of my favorite memories is visiting grandparents. |  |
96-One of my favorite memories is visiting grandparents. |  |
97-One of my favorite memories is watching fireworks. |  |
98-One of my favorite memories is family dinners. |  |
99-One of my favorite memories is visiting grandparents. |  |
100-One of my favorite memories is watching fireworks. |  |
101-One of my favorite memories is family dinners. |  |
102-What's your favorite memory from your hometown? |  |
103-What is your favorite memory from your hometown? |  |
104-What is your favorite memory from your hometown? |  |
105-What is your favorite memory from your hometown? |  |
106-One of my favorite memories is | "/wʌn əv maɪ ˈfeɪvərɪt ˈmemərɪz ɪz/" |
107-visiting grandparents | "/ˈvɪzɪtɪη ˈgrænperənts/" |
108-What is your favorite memory from your hometown | "/wʌt ɪz jʊr ˈfeɪvərɪt ˈmeməriː frɑːm jʊr ˈhəʊmtaʊn/" |